I have noticed that whenever I press command + C, or command + v, and etc other buttons, then our app, simply closes..., IT randomly closes. And EVEVERYTIME: command + V V simply stops the app from working and Command + C sometimes stop it and sometimes not stop it so this is very weird thing which we have to understand and fix because our app is not reliable. because it is not a good thing to automatically become turn off switch off right like the app completely closes randomly when couple of buttons are pressed. this is really really horrible We have to do the very deep technical deep dive to understand the problem. Few things that we must do is:
1. Look, Improve and fix all the security issues and flaws. There are lots of potential securities vulnerability which I can see in the whole code. Because there are currently lots of securities vulnerabilities which can occur. So we have to properly fix all of these things. 
2. improve the architecture and flow of the code code it is very important that whatever we are architecting right our code properly follows all the patterns, style and everything which are mentioned in the guidelines. Follow code-guidelines-swift.md file in `<root>/code-guidelines-swift.md`
3. Fix this random force stop app where our app randomly stops and kill itself...
4. Getting a Weird bug, in which `speechToText` is not working, We use wisper app, So when I hold the command button for one second then a small popup comes which basically basically means that okay voice is recording right and then I speak and everything gets Let's copy and then paste it in the inbox text input box. And this thing works in all the app like all the terminal, all the web app, all the UI or something like that, right? but the problem which I am seeing is whenever in that in our app whenever I press that command button then that small `WISPER TEXT RECORDING UI` doesn't comes. we have to fix this it might be related to some kind of input or something like that.
5. Make the app more stable. I am not sure but honestly I am getting the feeling that right now our app is very unstable... Like sometimes also happens that whenever I am working on this app right like using using multiple terminals and something like that. Right. and so what happens is when I whenever I press couple of five six key maps buttons right And then our app simply automatically stops working right and simply turn off and kill itself. This is a very big problem because whenever this happens then it automatically stops and and kill all the processes which were running in that specific terminal right right this is really really horrible because you know like this is a complete failure right right because it simply kills all the important processes which were executing in that terminal right and so this is a very important thing which we have to figure it out and solve this us out to make our app more stable right.  
